When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I may need to access the work on multiple computers or for collaborations.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I may want to do additional changes locally before pulling from the remote repository.
    Also I may want to create branches from current state before the pull.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Branch is a new copy of the project up until now, clone is a copy of a whole
    repository and fork is an equivalent of clone, but done on the GitHub website.
    Fork is only used on the GitHub website.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It allows us to work offine and still have access to all previous commits since
    last pull. It also allows us to resolve any conflicts locally if the local
    repository gets out of sync. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without git or GitHub tracking of the versions would be harder and resolving conflicts
    would require the collaborators to send their version of files to each other.
    GitHub also auto-notifies about pull-request so there is no need to inform the
    owner of the repository that there is a change waiting to be merged.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    I would want to make changes in a separate branch if I am working on a pull request,
    so that I can push it to origin/master and let the repository owner decide when they
    are ready to merge my proposed changes into the master. This way the workflow is a
    bit lengthier, but it is easier to make sure that the master is a stable version.
    Making changes directly in the master branch requires less steps.
