What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
An emtpy git repository gets created. In this repository we can then track
changes to the files in the directory. Initilization is needed to let git 
know that I want to track the changes to the files in this directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is an area where files that will go to next commit are added. 
Working directory contains all of the files from last commit and all of our changes 
since then, we may only choose some of these for next commit. Repository contains 
all commits that have been made so far.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can only add files that reflect a logical change to the staging area and then 
commit only those.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?
They are useful for testing experimental features or different versions of the same 
project. For example making an Italian version of an application without affecting
the main branch, adding a new feature etc. Branches can be worked on separately and
so not affect the main codebase. Once a branch is stable it can be merged into the
main codebase.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
We can identify any unreachable commits and see how the branches are related and where 
they start to differ.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?
Commits from both branches are merged into a single branch. In the diagram the 
commits are displayed in a way that shows us which branch they belong to. Once 
the branches are merged we may not be able to do diff on susequent commits as they
are now ordered chronologically and commits from both branches may be interleaved.
In the graph we can identify these commits easier and use log show to see the 
differences between that commit and its parent.